Update device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md (#5358)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

```

:::image type="content" source="images/block-removable-storage.png" alt-text="The screen depicting the blockage of the removable storage":::

## Frequently asked questions
**What is the removable storage media limitation for the maximum number of USBs?**

- Internally we have validated one USB group with 100,000 media - up to 7 MB in size. The policy works fine in both Intune and GPO without performance issues.

**Why does the policy not work?**

- The most common reason is there is no required [Anti-malware Client Version](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control?view=o365-worldwide#prepare-your-endpoints).

> - Or the XML file is not correctly formatted, for example, forget to replace & with &amp; in the XML file; or the text editor might add a byte order mark (BOM) 0xEF 0xBB 0xBF at the beginning of the files which causes the XML parsing not to work. One simple way is to download  [sample file](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/tree/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples) file (click 'Raw' and then 'Save as') and then update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Or the XML file is not correctly formatted, for example, not using the correct markdown formatting for the "&" character in the XML file, or the text editor might add a byte order mark (BOM) 0xEF 0xBB 0xBF at the beginning of the files which causes the XML parsing not to work. One simple solution is to download the [sample file](https://github.com/microsoft/mdatp-devicecontrol/tree/main/Removable%20Storage%20Access%20Control%20Samples) (select **Raw** and then **Save as**) and then update.
```

> - If the value is there and if the policy is managed via Group Policy, check whether the client machine can access the policy XML path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is a value and the policy is managed via Group Policy, check whether the client device can access the policy XML path.
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
